There are no shortcuts.
There are no hacks应付差事.
If you want to take the easy road, I promise
you: it’s longer and more painful
than the hard road.
I know.
I’ve lived it.
I’ve ventured冒险 down the easy road at times
in my life and it never led to anywhere good.
The positive things in my life always came
when I faced the biggest challenges.
I joined the Navy海军.
I took the hard road in the Navy and made
it into the SEAL Teams海豹突击队.
There, I had the honor of leading men in combat.
I learned some lessons along the way, lessons
that have been tested on the battlefield and,
when implemented, lead to success in any arena竞技场，舞台.
One of the best things I’ve learned is that
anyone has what it takes to travel the hard
road—to walk The Path that leads to success.
That includes you.
It won’t be easy.
It will demand everything you’ve got to
give.
But you can do it, and I want to give you
three key principles I’ve learned that will
help you to get it done.
Principle原则 number one: Discipline. Equals. Freedom.
That’s not a contradiction矛盾—it’s an equation等式.
Discipline might appear to be the opposite对立面
of freedom.
But, in fact, discipline is the path to freedom.
Discipline is the driver of daily execution.
Discipline defeats the infinite无数的 excuses借口 that
hold you back.
Some people think motivation积极性，动机 is what will
compel迫使 them to get things done.
But motivation is just an emotion—a feeling,
and like all feelings, it’s fickle浮躁的，易变的:
it comes and goes.
You can’t count on motivation to be there
when you need to get through
truly challenging times.
But you can count on discipline.
Discipline is something you dictate支配，命令.
Motivation won’t make you exercise every
day; discipline will.
Motivation won’t stay up熬夜 late and finish
a project for you; discipline will.
Motivation isn’t going to get you out of
bed in the morning; discipline will.
Make discipline part of your daily life and
your daily life will get better.
Principle Number Two: Stay. Humble.
In life, you are going to have to do things
that you don’t want to do.
Maybe things that you don’t think you should
have to do—things that offend冒犯，使...不愉快 your precious ego自我，自负.
When I got done with Basic SEAL Training and
reported on board SEAL Team One,
you know what I was assigned to do?
I was assigned to clean toilets.
That’s right—despite having just graduated
some of the most difficult military training
in the world, despite being assigned to an
“elite精英” commando突击队 unit—my first mission
at the actual SEAL Team was to clean toilets.
Not exactly a glorious job.
But you know what?
I did it.
I did it to the best of my ability and took
pride in doing it well.
And that attitude态度 got noticed: if I cared
that much about how clean the toilets were,
people knew I would do a good job with even
more important assignments.
After a short period of time, I got those
But it was humility谦卑，谦逊 that opened the door for
me.
Now, being humble does not mean that you shouldn’t
be confident.
You certainly have to believe that you are
a capable有能力的 person.
But don’t let confidence turn into arrogance自大；傲慢态度.
So keep your ego in check and stay humble.
（in check受控制的）
The third and final principle: Take. Ownership. Of. Everything.
（ownership n. 所有权；物主身份）
I call this “Extreme极度的 Ownership.”
In the military, the best leaders and the
best troops were the ones that took ownership
of everything in their world—not just the
things they were responsible for, but for
every challenge and obstacle障碍 that impacted
their mission.
When something went wrong: They cast投掷，抛 no blame,
they made no excuses.
They took ownership of the problem and fixed it.
You can implement this attitude as well—not
only in your job, but in your life.
Let other people blame their parents, their
boss, or the system.
Let weaker people complain that the world
isn’t fair.
You are the leader of your life: take ownership
of everything in it.
So: be disciplined in all that you do.
Don’t subject臣服 yourself to the whims虚妄 of motivation.
Stay humble and be willing to do what needs
to be done.
And: take extreme ownership of your life and
everything in it.
Then: choose the hard path—the path of responsibility,
hard work, and sacrifice奉献，牺牲.
The Path of discipline, humility, and ownership
that ultimately最终 leads to freedom.
If you follow these principles, then nothing
in the world will stop you.
I’m Jocko Willink, host of the Jocko Podcast
and author of Extreme Ownership,
for Prager University.